hello my friends in this video you will
see my coach purse collections I have
more than what I will be showing to you
but these are the small purse relatively
smaller purses that is so this the first
one is the newest one that I bought this
is cool I believe it's called Lily and
this is the mini one
I like this purse because it is it has a
pocket in the back where you can put
your iPhone in style and you can take it
out easily
alright this is a cross body purse
that's a strap really long long enough
for me it has turn lock pockets in the
front there are one small pocket instead
and that's it alright so that's the
first it has some three tags the first
well I think this is good for winter
with the you know big when you wearing a
big jacket or coat my next item it's
also crossbody this is I use this a lot
in the past before I start using my very
Bradley's bag I use this a lot is very
functional and I love this wide strap
it's very comfortable
the Frannie back and the one that I use
a lot of and excuse me the strap is a
little bit thin so sometimes I feel it's
not so comfortable but this strap is
nice it's very comfortable okay there's
a turn law just like the the Willie is
the turn lock pocket in the front where
I usually that's where I put my iPhone
and as zipper sorry
zipper pocket excuse me it's a little
bit dirty because I use this a lot all
right
it's very small it doesn't hold as much
as the Franny back all right I don't
have it can hold you know my wallet and
some regular stuff but it's very
comfortable to carry I have to say it's
really comfortable to carry next one is
the wristlet good thing about the
wristlet is it has disputing pockets so
for you to put your cards in obviously
you can put your iPhone your keys it
ensures in and that will be it and I
don't use this as much because I just
feel it's a little bitty bitty bit too
smaller for my for me next month another
crossbody this has done two handles one
can use for to carry with your shoulder
the other is the long strap with a
crossbody it has on one big sorry
so one big zipper opening and inside one
small pocket and big enough and a zipper
pocket this is all I use this a lot also
and I think it's very cute I like is the
gold color metallic color and it has two
tags and it holds quite a lot
the problem I have with them with the
bag is it gets heavy with all these some
hardware see how big these hardware's
are with the oldies you know good thing
it gets heavy alright and next one it's
not a cross body purse the same kind of
design with a strap for the shoulder to
carry I believe this is called Christine
I think similar kind of design it has a
pocket in front and bigger opening
inside it has one zipper in the back and
two slots here these bag does even
though it looks quite big right compared
with this one it looks quite big but it
doesn't really hold much though it
doesn't really hold much if I try to put
why doesn't for sure it doesn't hold a
folder and and and it's very happy you
go this hardware makes it so happy to
carry now is here last piece I was
showing today is another cross body is
similar kind of design you can carry it
with the shoulder or cross body again
this one has a lot of hardware also but
less than a less than this one so it's
not as heavy and for some reason I feel
this one can actually hold more than
the black one that I showed you before
it's not much bigger it but I feel like
connects your whole small and this is
actually my very first coach purchase
from outlet okay this is it or this
video if you like this video thumbs up
and I made you another collection from
bigger coach packs that I have for you
alright and that's it for today thank
you for watching goodbye